# Le 20 Recensioni Più Sospette

Queste recensioni appartengono agli utenti con il **Trust Score più basso** in assoluto, identificati come anomalie dall'Isolation Forest.

### Trust Score: `0.000000` | Utente: `AGWSJTHPMX2YITGZ4TD2E4FOFITQ` | Item: `B0067HY1EQ`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Further insight

> Further insight This is one of the best bargains that i've seen, "essentially" you get 3 filters for the price of one. The image quality with these filters is great, the 812 (warming) filter is by far a favorite giving back the color richness that flash photography so often washes out, that is unless you have the patience for constantly tweaking your flash power. Aside from the 812 the UV protector is basically a clear protective filter. While it obviously has advantages over clear glass, I tend not to think of it as any different. This too is a great filter which I use about half the time because it doesn't affect color hues or change f stop values too greatly while it takes the worry out of carrying the camera around ready for any candid shots that may occur. Finally included is the circular polarizer. This filter adjusts the amount of uv light entering the camera by spinning the filter to the direction the uv rays are entering (or turning the thingy till things look better). This lens is great for sunny days and will take surface glare off lakes and glass making them transparent again. It also makes colors more crisp in general when photographing buildings and other large "reflective" man-made things. So things sound great so far, but now to why I only give this item 4 stars. While Tiffen is known to be one of the best at photo and video filters, they have quality control issues that do no live up to thier reputation. In my case the 812 filter arrived with a discoloration in the glass. While it was didn't hurt image quality, with the flaw being towards the edge of the filter, I none the less didn't want to find a situation in which the flaw would diminish quality. Seeing as it was not amazon's fault my first e-mail went to Tiffen for a replacement which they said they would gladly do, but only after I send them the filter and they recieve it would they ship my replacement (not an option in my circumstances). Instead Amazon's wonderful customer service shown through again, and within 3 days they had replaced the entire set. The second set arrivided without flaw but since my other two filters were in perfect condition I traded just the 812. I havn't had any other issues and i'm very satisfied with my filters. The only other word of warning would be to that of the circular polorizer. While I recieved 2 that were flawless occassionally I have read in reviews customers have received ones that were assembled backwards making the lens useless. A quick way to check to see if your CP is working correctly is to hold it, thread facing yourself, and look at an LCD monitor or TV and spin it until the picture dissapears(obviously working correctly). I still wouldn't pass up this deal knowing what I do now, chances are everything will show up perfectly but none the less if you're concerned order it before you need it and check everything over carefully. Amazon is always the best for returns and will often ship a replacement the next day with overnight shipping. And a little further insight... I was recently doing some black and white film photography, and decided to use my 812 warming filter as a protective lens as I was carrying 3 lenses with me. Just thought that I would mention that using this filter will produce a "White" sky in some outdoor photographs. The shots were taken with a gradient blue sky to which the entirety showed up white, even on bracketed sets, that should have shown something in one of the series. While itself was a interesting effect for some shots, it mostly just caused me frustration in the darkroom. I just wanted to add this as fair warning. I discovered this on accident, so I don't know if it applies to all sky conditions as I didn't do a lot B&W sky shots, I might test it using Photoshop later as I see they have the 812s effect built in. Anyways, good luck and have fun photoing.

---
### Trust Score: `0.001913` | Utente: `AEEGGPLPKWRAH45TQ4SHIUZMDSCA` | Item: `B08QV2FSKT`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** No trouble with 4K/60

> No trouble with 4K/60 Seems to work fine at 4K/60. Plugging into a Thunderbolt port on an Intel NUC and connected to a DisplayPort 1.2 LG 4K monitor. All functions (audio, EDID controls) are passed through as if native.

---
### Trust Score: `0.002913` | Utente: `AHKGIXB5KR72QOZ7CCIWXARLX7GQ` | Item: `B0BQ7FLW2P`
**Rating:** 3.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Precise Tuning and Excellent Volume, But Some Odd Design Choices

> Precise Tuning and Excellent Volume, But Some Odd Design Choices Pros: 1) Dial operated tuner is precise, and radio brings in most stations broadcasting in my area, from all rooms of the house. 2) Volume and audio quality are surprisingly loud and clear from this single speaker design. When volume is tuned up, the speaker keeps up and does not become boomy or distorted. The audio is not bass heavy but seems well balanced. 3) Rechargeable Battery integrated well - the li ion 18660 battery charges at the same time the radio is playing, so you can listen and charge at the same time. 4) Build quality - seems sturdy and well made. Neutral: 1) There does not appear to be any option to use alkaline batteries. Some users will prefer the longer lasting 18650 that is standard, others would rather use AAs as their power source. After having many portable appliances ruined by leaking alkalines, I personally would rather have the li ion battery. 2) Shortwave performance - no idea how well the unit tunes in SW as I found no broadcasts on that band in my area. 3) MP3/ USB playback - does anyone listen to music this way in 2023? I did not test this feature, and frankly would rather see Bluetooth as a feature instead (which is not present), but I guess if you have a lot of music on flash drives this would be useful. 4) No separate AM antenna option. The 25 or so AM radio buffs in the world would like a separate antenna input so they can get more AM stations. I personally found all the AM stations I expected to for my area even using the less capable frame antenna included, but if you're an AM fanatic, this may be a problem. Cons: 1) No autotune (seek/scan) or presets. Really weird, as the unit has a ton of buttons, but these are almost entirely preserved for track selection on the optional USB drive music playback. So you go directly to the 114th MP3, track on your flash drive but you can't have a preset or automatically seek out the next tunable FM station. 2) No indicator as to strongest tuning frequency. A lot of broadcasts can be heard a few blips up or down on the frequency dial from where their tuning "core" is; example: 105.9 FM can be heard at 105.7 or 106.1. Many tuners have a little indicator showing signal strength so one knows when one has the optimal tuning position for the frequency. None exists here, so you have to "earball" it and figure out which setting sounds best to you. If you know the station frequency well and good, but if you are traveling, this may irritate. The lack of a seek / scan function is all the more irritating in conjunction with this issue, as seek and scan of course automatically find optimized frequencies. 3) Tuner drift: occasionally the tuning setting drifts a bit up or down, creating sudden static where one had a nice clear connection before. Not a big issue. 4) Fixed carrying handle - handle cannot be folded down, so unit is somewhat bulkier than it needs to be. Still pretty teeny, so not a major flaw. Conclusion: Excellent sound and tuning, but absence of very standard radio features like presets and scanning are odd and annoying - especially since the unit has a ton of buttons on it, any of which could have been easily repurposed to include these basic and useful functions.

---
### Trust Score: `0.003241` | Utente: `AH3OJBOMJC4VDM7H3WPKDYMOXWNA` | Item: `B0BRS3VHH7`
**Rating:** 4.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** 65W USB-C charger with output logic compatible with fast charging. Model SM65CL-01

> 65W USB-C charger with output logic compatible with fast charging. Model SM65CL-01 It's amazing how good small(ish) chargers have gotten. Instead of power bricks, you have nice small-ish chargers that easily fit in a travel (or laptop) bag. This is due to superior charging technology, combined with more sophisticated charging circuit electronics that provide switched smart charging depending on what the attached appliance requests. This particular charger supplies power in one of several modes: 1) 5V/3A = 15W 2) 9V/3A = 27W 3) 12V/3A = 36W 4) 15V/3A = 45W 5) 18V/3A = 54W 6) 20V/3.25A = 65W These are pretty standard charging outputs, and are compatible with most modern mid-power laptops that can be charged via the USB-C port. This charger charged the Dell Laptop (65W capable) laptop as quickly as the OEM charger that came with it. Note that you get the charger and a separate power cord that attaches to it--same as the Dell OEM charger. The USB-C end of the cord lights up when it's plugged in (also the same as the Dell charger). I picked this charger because, at time of purchase, it was significantly cheaper than the many other similar-style chargers on Amazon. At the price, it's a good deal.

---
### Trust Score: `0.023130` | Utente: `AECTMPUCLGJXQGDL4M6OU533KQZQ` | Item: `B0C6FFL98Q`
**Rating:** 4.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Coiled Cable Makes All The Difference

> Coiled Cable Makes All The Difference I have a lot of lightning to USB cables to charge my iPhones and other Apple devices. However, why did I order one more? The coil cable makes all the difference in some applications! I had recently procured another coiled cable that I have been using in my car. It's great to have the good length, but at the same time not have a six foot cable drooping down into the floor of the car, looking messy! Well, I liked that so much I picked up this cable! I'm going to use this one either in my second car or when I'm on the road traveling with rental cars and hotel rooms. It is also much less likely to get tangled up with your other cords! The coiled cable makes all the difference! Recommended!

---
### Trust Score: `0.023221` | Utente: `AFRW3IMOJ7XSJ2AG23FMHPRGVXKA` | Item: `B098RJMJTW`
**Rating:** 4.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Tested and verified - 20TB drives are supported by the 2-bay, USB-C model (model EC-CH2B)

> Tested and verified - 20TB drives are supported by the 2-bay, USB-C model (model EC-CH2B) Tested and verified: 20TB drives are supported by the [[ASIN:B09646W9PX 2-bay, USB-C model (model EC-CH2B)]] of this Sabrent SATA hard drive docking station. I have been using it for two weeks with two [[ASIN:B09MWKXR2T Seagate Exos X20 20TB]] SATA hard drives, using the full capacity of the hard drive all the way to the top, and this docking station works flawlessly without a hiccup. I am running it on a Windows 11 laptop. I fully formatted the two 20TB drives using a full (very slow and complete) Windows NTFS format, not a quick format, just to make sure that the docking station can access the full capacity of the drive, and it formats successfully. Then, I completely filled the drive with data, all the way to the end, and read all the data back again, and it all verifies and works perfectly. I am posting this info in this review because the specs for this say that it supports up to 16TB, but doesn't mention 20TB. That's just because the manufacturer has only tested it on drives up to 16TB (I'm pretty sure that 20TB drives were not yet available when the manufacturer wrote up the specs). Conceptually, since this docking station has enough hardware addressing lines for 16TB drives, it will also work with 20TB drives (and higher capacities), but now I've actually verified this for myself. I really like this little SATA docking station. It's compact, so I can pack it up with me when I travel. It's quite inexpensive, which is a nice bonus. It doesn't need a user manual - like other SATA docking stations, you just plug it into a USB-C port on your computer, and it just works. It gives you two (potentially very large) hard drives connected to your laptop or desktop computer, to use for backups, or to store large external data files. Super easy and reliable. The one feature I wish this docking station had was 10Gbps data transfer speed, per the USB 3.x Gen 2 standard. Alas, this docking station only supports the slower and slightly older 5Gbps speed, which is USB 3.0 Gen 1. Truthfully, this is not a big deal, because the SATA III standard for hard drives only supports 6Gbps anyway, so the 10Gbps is overkill, and the 5Gbps speed of this docking station is almost as fast as the 6Gbps maximum speed of SATA III. But still, faster is better. There is another dual-bay SATA docking station here on Amazon that supports 10Gbps - it is the [[ASIN:B00XLAZ9KC StarTech Dual-Bay SATA Docking Station (10Gbps)]]. However, I discovered that for some reason that StarTech dual-bay docking station is not compatible with the USB-C shipset in my Clevo laptop. So, I got this Sabrent dual-bay docking station instead, and it works great.

---
### Trust Score: `0.032437` | Utente: `AEHOFUNZP6VT74RUDDCJ2VVIT56A` | Item: `B004SKODU6`
**Rating:** 4.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Probably good

> Probably good Micra Digital USB A to USB B Cable is a standard USB cable that is commonly used to connect devices with a USB Type-B port to devices with a USB Type-A port. The cable is 6 feet (1.8 meters) in length, which is a convenient length for most setups. The cable is made with high-quality materials, and the connectors are gold plated, which ensures a reliable and consistent data transfer. It supports USB 2.0, which means it can transfer data at speeds of up to 480Mbps. This cable is compatible with a wide range of devices, including printers, scanners, external hard drives, and other peripherals that use a USB Type-B port. It is also compatible with most computers and laptops that have a USB Type-A port. Overall, the Micra Digital USB A to USB B Cable appears to be a reliable and affordable choice for connecting USB Type-B devices to USB Type-A devices.

---
### Trust Score: `0.035891` | Utente: `AHDJ2TAXW2LVLOWTPUO3GIAQRM5Q` | Item: `B0BYYMRRJC`
**Rating:** 1.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Low quality screen, not worth the price

> Low quality screen, not worth the price I have a few of these portable screens that I like to use for various purposes, such as with Samsung Dex, raspberry pi, microcomputers, etc. Regardless of the use case, I generally prefer at least a decent-quality screen since I'm going to be looking at it for anything from web surfing to watching videos. Unfortunately, that's where this one fails right out of the box. This is a very low-grade IPS panel as it's very dim, has poor color production, very moderate light bleed, washed out image, etc. There's really nothing that excels with this display. It uses the same basic form factor as the other nearly identical portable displays. Such as the controls, interface, ports, and so on. Speaking of controls, changing brightness, contrast, or preset modes don't help and actually makes it worse. But the quality of everything is super cheap. The panel feels very lightweight, and the included case is almost useless (magnets hardly do anything). They went for the cheapest panel they could find. I expected at least mid-grade based on the listed price, as you can get much better quality elsewhere for less. Otherwise, it does have plenty of cables as well as an included 5V charger. Just the basics, no more, no less. I cannot recommend this one at all unless the price drops considerably, and even then, only for those who just need a basic terminal display or something to give to the kids.

---
### Trust Score: `0.045499` | Utente: `AF2ACCKOTUKHIGCZHGHSZXMJDTKQ` | Item: `B09J8ZFZ48`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** A good SSD along with practical software tools

> A good SSD along with practical software tools I thought changing out one of these solid state drives (SSD) out would be difficult not just physically changing the drive but also restoring my operating system, program files and data. I had not changed this kind of drive before. But it was very simple to uninstall the old one and install this new one. Western Digital not only gives you the drive but it also gives you the Acronis True Image software to make the switch. The Acronis software also protects your drive from ransomware and illicit crytptomining. Western digital gives you their Western Digital Dashboard software as well that monitors your hard drive and lets you tweak its performance. With the Dashboard I am able to monitor the drive so I will know when it is going to need to be replaced and I will have the Acronis software to make the next replacement go even smoother. Arconis will back up your drive and make a Rescue Media disk too. So you get the hard drive and you get some software tools. That's a great deal in my book. I was able to get my laptop up and running in a couple hours. Another thing I really liked is that on the Western Digital website there is an excellent comparison page of each type of SSD. They have color coded them which makes it so much easier to decide which is correct for your system. I don’t have any reference to show you of the speed of this Blue SSD that I got. It moves faster than my old SSD though. I am able to transfer files and run my programs quickly. I am satisfied with this drive and I won’t hesitate to get another one next time I need a replacement.

---
### Trust Score: `0.053877` | Utente: `AGDGOULVCWOYZ7BDX4BH7EYNLBRQ` | Item: `B000OQ6RXE`
**Rating:** 1.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** This wire is not copper!

> This wire is not copper! I have contacted DB Link before buying this wire. they confirmed that it is OFC (oxygen Free Copper)and that it is 10 gauge. After I got the wire it sat in the box until I was ready to install in my home theater. When ready to install, I looked closely at the wire, it turns out that this is not solid copper wire. It is copper clad. And I believe aluminum or other white metal. That is the biggest problem with it. The fact that this is a 12 gauge wire is another. Too bad for me, I was over my 30 day return period. I will not put this wire in my walls, and now have a useless spool of fake wire laying around.

---
### Trust Score: `0.057282` | Utente: `AHQUPHII72THRQII7PDOWZWLRNXA` | Item: `B01LXZZPKQ`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** The perfect lens to start you with L Primes

> The perfect lens to start you with L Primes Interestingly, the price has crept up a bit on this lens in the last few months. It's value must be becoming more apparent to more folks. Nice to have bought before it went up instead of vice versa. Nevertheless, this is the most reasonably priced of the Canon L Primes & is a perfect one to start out with, if you don't own any yet. This lens is tack sharp, has very true, very vibrant color and high contrast. In all these areas, it is probably just shy of the 135mm, 85mm and 50mm lenses, but this is a discerning eye speaking, and these are subtle (although modestly notable differences). The difference between this and an ordinary Canon lens will be much greater. As a side note - if you already own either or both the teleconverters (1.4x and 2x), they work very well with this lens. It maintains AF with both, due to it's speed. And this is a small light lens, considering the focal length. With a 2x it becomes a 400mm f/5.6, yet it is much lighter, narrower, and more portable than any comparable variation (the 100-400mm L, or any of the 400mm L primes, of which there are two, plus a non-L DO prime that looks like an L, and might fool you). If you intend to shoot all the way out at 400mm mostly, this is probably the cheapest method, and the quality loss is less with the 2x on this lens than with many/most others. Whatever your choice, this is probably the most reasonable L value on the market and is a very smart buy if you wish to see what all the fuss is about. And Yes, the fuss is warranted. L's are that good.

---
### Trust Score: `0.058407` | Utente: `AGLFZWMKWLOV3VGPTPNFOPQO3TTA` | Item: `B0BWFQGY7C`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Light is excellent, stand a bit less so

> Light is excellent, stand a bit less so This is a great, reasonably-priced key light. The light itself is excellent. No hot spots, very adjustable in terms of amount and temperature of light, and well-built. The stand is sturdy, tall, and very adjustable. The negative with the stand is that while it is adjustable, doing so requires time and energy. Once you get it the way you want it, it is great, but the process is a bit cumbersome. I recommend not hooking in the power at all until you have it adjusted, and then just plug it directly in with no wire management to test it out for a while before tucking it into the supplied clips. Overall, though, I do recommend this light. You may even want two of them to more evenly light your face.

---
### Trust Score: `0.064432` | Utente: `AGY7PDUPDOBHL7L66B2XHIN4QUBQ` | Item: `B0BLJ1K1J9`
**Rating:** 2.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** I am Very Disappointed with this Audiobook Player

> I am Very Disappointed with this Audiobook Player Most of the reviews of this &lt; ENCHIL X360B Portable Audiobook Player, MP3 Music Player with Speaker and FM Radio, Supports TF MicroSD Card up to 32G (No Memory, No Bluetooth) > are quite positive but, as I ordered it to play audiobooks primarily, I must report that I am disappointed with it. Here is why: 1) If you are playing an audiobook and you turn off this device, it does not "remember" where you were when you turn it back on. It doesn't even "remember" which book you were listening to! 2) If your audiobook is comprised of many individual files, no matter if you followed their instructions as to how to copy them to a TF/Micro SD card (as I did), the player plays the files out of order. (I do not understand why the manufacturer didn't design the player to play files in numerical or alphabetical order.) 3) If you do as I did, once I realized that the individual files were played out of order, and you combine all of the files into one "giant" file, the player plays that "giant" file properly BUT once you turn off the player, as mentioned in (1) above, it does not "remember" where you left off. So when you restart the player, it starts right back at the first book on the TF/Micro SD card and right at the beginning of that book. Many of my audiobooks run 15-50 hours. So, for all of my intents and purposes, this player is useless. It might be alright if you want to play a number of short stories, each of which can be heard in one sitting, but, at least for me, it is useless for playback of an entire novel or other such long audiobook. This it truly a shame. I was really looking forward to having a small pocketable device I could carry and listen to some of my audiobooks. This one, unfortunately, is not it. Its one saving grace is its FM section which is quite good. I listen to just a few FM stations and this player picks them up without even needing the USB cord (which can be used as an external antenna) to be attached. (I live over 40 miles from the main transmitter site.) This is, frankly, quite amazing to me. The sound quality is adequate, especially considering the small size of this player. I should mention that attaching its lanyard is a "bear." I needed a powerful flashlight (to see what I was doing), a thin screwdriver (to "catch" the end of the cord), and quite a bit of "language" to attach this lanyard. (Why can't manufacturers attach if for you?) I am so sorry that this player does not "remember" where an audio file was left once the unit is turned off (and then would go right back to that place when the unit is turned on again). If it only had just that little bit of that sort of memory (or if there were some fast direct means of going to a desired file - to get to a particular file you have to repeatedly press a button; with 200-700 files in some audiobooks you can imagine what a "pain" this is!), this player would be a 4 or 5-star one. However, given its insurmountable shortcomings as an audiobook reader (in my opinion), I can only give it 2-stars (the reason I do not give it 1-star is because of its excellent FM section). As I mentioned, it might be okay for playing short story audiobooks or even for playing music so if you don't mind the negatives I mention (and which are very important to me), you might be satisfied with this player. But you'd have to determine that for yourself. I won't recommend it. Thank you for reading this. Lawrence H. Bulk

---
### Trust Score: `0.064437` | Utente: `AH27PRNTXKSAZQJZ3B4N7NZXUFUA` | Item: `B01LAW3KFS`
**Rating:** 3.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Somewhat expensive bike dash cam

> Somewhat expensive bike dash cam This is a dash cam that's repackaged for motorcycle use. It comes with an excellent mounting kit designed for motorcycles. The housing was also designed to be waterproof and rugged. The operation is somewhat similar to car dashcams except the form factor is different. The video and photo quality is excellent, but for the money you can probably get an action cam with a dashcam mode that can do even better, with more recording options and modes. In all, I feel that while this bike cam is excellent and specialized for bike use, it seems to be of somewhat poor value when you boil down to its core functions, especially when compared with so many other action cameras on the market which may also be suitable for the same purpose, and then some.

---
### Trust Score: `0.066898` | Utente: `AGS2YFTCTJTWCCJI5UAK3R4BMFOQ` | Item: `B07PHLDY6D`
**Rating:** 1.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, ...

> Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, ... Samsung sent me a unit with a broken charger, refused to swap it out with a new one even though it is under warranty, and referred me to their website to buy one for $20.

---
### Trust Score: `0.069377` | Utente: `AE5DNSCJGOUQJB65ANQUE4UJJXCQ` | Item: `B0036WT41U`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Samsung Plasma Beats LED/LCD

> Samsung Plasma Beats LED/LCD I had the c8000 55" LED for over 3 weeks and loved the bright and clear picture, but it was hard to get the settings right for normal viewing, the viewing angle was atrocious vs. even LCD screens, and parts of the screen in dark scenes still have some clouding. I sent the LED back and purchased the c8000 58" plasma. I'm very happy with it so far, especially after tweaking the settings. Now, I have all the pop of the LED but with consistent colors, better blacks and unlimited viewing angle. The details. . . . Pros Great uniform picture - great price the $ vs. LED. Easy to self-calibrate vs. the LED Samsung. Remote is very nice compared to the bluray remote (same as the c8000 LED remote), but I'm using a Harmony 900 for all my components so it isn't used. You can turn off the motion judder canceller and ditch the soap opera effect when watching movies. Cinema Smooth makes high-end movies look great. Bright screen compared to plasmas I've had. Real 3D content (Monsters v. Aliens) looks great (even with a 1.3 highspeed HDMI cable -- however, 2D to 3D conversion of regular programs gives only nice depth - not pop out 3d. Very thin TV - fairly lightweight for a plasma - nice stand (stainless) and bezel (dark gray), but not as cool in my opinion as the LED version which has a stainless bezel. Netflix app works through both through the TV and the bluray and surprisingly has good pic quality - not bluray like, but close to DVD quality with no glitches (assuming you have a fast internet connection). Much less screen glare than the c8000 LED. This TV does not have a matte screen like many other LCD HDTVs, but Real Black Filter kills the glare much better than the c7000 plasma I saw at BB. Note that the c8000 LED has an incredibly shiny screen, making it difficult to watch in a bright room. Like all plasmas, the screen looks the same despite your seating position in the room. The c8000 LED has a good picture when straight on - but move a few feel off center and the picture would fade substantially. No such problems here. Cons TV isn't wifi - need a $80 adapter or have to hardwire it - TV firmware didn't update through the adapter - had to update on Samsung site with USB. Overall a top notch TV that is larger than the LED, has a better and more uniform picture, lower glare, better off angle viewing and is cheaper. What is not to like? Here are my settings after having the TV a month. If you have a bright room or if you like the "pop" of the LED, these settings will blow you away. If you have a dark basement or watch only at night, dial the CellLight back to 10 or so and maybe put the color on normal vs. cool and you'll be set: CAL-DAY Mode, Cell Light 20, Brightness 50, Color 50, tint 50/50, Sharpness 40, cool, native, MJC off, Filmmode 1, black (darker), dynamic contrast (med), gamma 2, other settings on auto. Cinema Smooth to "on" but it only works on bluray 24p input.

---
### Trust Score: `0.071328` | Utente: `AEBLRVACFZJWA7SWD5KKLB6VN6ZQ` | Item: `B0076BNKU8`
**Rating:** 4.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Lens with a common wide-angle focal length featuring image stabilization and decent image quality

> Lens with a common wide-angle focal length featuring image stabilization and decent image quality Please don't take the Amazon star rating too serious - every lens has its pros and cons that I wouldn't want to squeeze into a single one-dimensional figure... A quick note about me: I have been into SLR cameras and lenses for more than 20 years - as a hobby in the beginning and professionally later. Maybe because of my technical background I started testing my own lenses quite a while ago. I have a (no longer so) little test lab of my own where I do 6 different image quality tests (after taking a lens out for a while). The EF 28mm f/2.8 IS USM is a compact and well-built prime lens with a common wide-angle focal length, a good maximum aperture and a modern image stabilizer that compensates up to 4 f-stops. While the image stabilizer sounds great one has to consider that it's not as necessary in wide-angle lenses as it is in telephoto lenses - but I still appreciate it. The lens is best used indoors or for architecture and landscape photography. When using the lens with an APS-C camera the resulting effective focal length of 45mm is close to a standard / normal lens and thus can be used for a whole variety of things. The lens offers good image quality - sharpness is great straight from f/2.8 and there is only a small amount of barrel distortion visible. My lab tests have shown that color fringes ("Chromatic Aberrations") both in focused parts of the image ("Transverse CA") and in out-of-focus areas ("Axial CA") are visible but compared with its immediate peers the lens's performance is quite respectable. There is no curvature of the focal plane ("Field Curvature") but corner shadows ("Vignetting") are very intense and they are visible even stopped-down. The EF 28mm f/2.8 IS USM is similarly priced to the [[ASIN:B0076BNKOY EF 24mm f/2.8 IS USM]] but costs a lot more than the [[ASIN:B00009R6WU EF 28mm f/1.8 USM]] which offers an even better maximum aperture (which is great for available light photography) but lacks an image stabilizer and cannot compete with the EF 28mm f/2.8 IS USM's good image quality. Chances are you already own a zoom lens covering the same focal length in which case you are probably most interested in the EF 28mm f/2.8 IS USM for its good image quality, compact size and the maximum aperture of f/2.8. Is this lens for you? I think it really depends on how you configure your kit. If you have use for the focal length / aperture combination the EF 28mm f/2.8 IS USM's rugged build quality and good image quality will leave no regrets. A much more detailed review of this lens together with all test shots, sample images and technical data is available on my website LensTests_com.

---
### Trust Score: `0.072745` | Utente: `AHQ4SWPHPUJWS27WGNUJA2KBAQVA` | Item: `B09Q4RTSLX`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** The Pros, Cons and Oks for Samsung Galaxy Tab S8+ (HR)

> The Pros, Cons and Oks for Samsung Galaxy Tab S8+ (HR) Pros:__________ • Premium feel all around, full metal design, and very thin. It looks like this belongs on a Tesla dashboard. This tablet is right equal with Apple’s iPads in feel and looks. • The screen is HUGE. 70% of what you’re paying is for this screen. This is by far the biggest screen I’ve ever used on a tablet, with this performance in resolution. It’s bigger than any iPad out there. You need to go to a tech store to see the size yourself, words do not cut it. • The resolution with this size of a screen is crisp, deep in color, and balanced. Top of a line type of display. • 120Hz refresh rate. Not 60 or 90, but the current best 120Hz. Everything is smooth when scrolling, with no lag. Yes, there is a huge difference between these rates and 120 is right now the top of the mountain. • Watching a movie on it will give you a 16:10 aspect ratio. On average, tablets give you a 4:3 ratio, but because of the screen size, you’re getting a fuller look. Smaller black bars while still having the high HD display of the film you’re watching. • It has a fast-charging option that is 45W when plugged in. From 0 to 100, It took around 1:30 minutes. For the resolution and power this thing has, that is a big aid. • When in use, battery life drains around 10% an hour when I’m browsing the internet, playing Spotify, really any activity that requires the screen to work. But for watching Netflix or Sling, only around 5-6% of the battery is drained in an hour. For video editing or photoshop work, this number is going to be in the middle. Thumbs up Samsung. • You do get an S Pen in the box. Because of the huge screen, I found myself using this a lot more than the use of my finger. I got great pressure and tilt when in use. • In regards to the S Pen, there are some useful software tricks within it. You can create custom screenshot shapes and the ability to convert text to speech if you highlight the section. I found it useful just to browse the internet with it as the pen is great for the virtual tracing keyboard feature. • The camera layout is great for a tablet. 4k/30 or 1080/60. That is similar to any facetime camera in a smartphone. • The Quad speakers are spaced out around, similar to the current iPads. They’re good, loud, and balanced. I have nothing negative with the volume limit as you can go pretty high (but you won’t need to). • Accessory options are open for this (Keyboards, monitors, etc). A good layout to adapt to different preferences of use with this tablet. • Does has a SIM tray so you can technically make this turn into a phone. I see this as a cool option for video conference calls in areas with no WIFI (or on the road). Cons and Oks:__________ • The DeX mode I found to be lagging at random times. Under this model, I found even simple apps like maps have a scaling issue. I do believe that a software update will fix this, but expect some lag issues under that, if you use the DeX mode. • I paired the tablet with my Dell monitor and I found the connection was unstable. It will connect, then disconnect. This will be annoying if you’re hoping to use this as the main computer. Could be my monitor, but something to know. • It’s a huge tablet, but it isn’t something I see taking on the go. Because of the large screen, I couldn’t find my comfort zone when holding while walking. This is something that is either going to be on your desk or next to the couch when watching TV. • If you’re going to put this on a desk, you got buy the keyboard for it, and they don’t come cheap. • The brightness is good, but definingly could be approved. • I kept pressing buttons or making movements on the tablet I never wanted to. The reason is that the bezels are too short. It’s probably the only device we want to have bezels around the screen. Since it’s too short, you have to make your palms don’t touch the screen. • The cameras are excellent when the tablet is not moving, but the stabilization becomes an issue when on the move. Best for conference calls, not ideal for mobile filming. • The gaming on this is going to be top-notch, the reason why it’s in this section is that you’ll need to get a remote for it. Simple swipe games are fine, but for racing or first-person shooter games, it’s just too big to use your hands for that much activity. • The display notch for the camera is a little annoying. A hole punch design would’ve been fine, even if that means reducing the camera quality. No one really buys a tablet for the camera. • As mentioned before, android apps are just not well optimized for this larger screen. Twitter for example doesn’t completely fit right in this design. I hope software updates will fix that, but it’s such a very specific issue that only Twitter can fix on the app. • The fast charger does not come in the box. I recommend you buy it because, without it, you’ll have to plug it in before you go to bed to get a full charge. Bottom Line:__________ This is between a tablet and a computer. Its size creates a situation where it’s best to put it on a desk, or in a stable location. I will not see this as a tablet that will leave the house. At the same time, when you use it, you don’t want to let it go. From the beautiful screen size, fast processor, and the effective S pen, Samsung did a great job all around. It’s by far the best tablet I’ve watched a movie on while its multi-task platform is something anyone can get used to. A lot of the issues above are very minimum, as software updates can resolve them in years to come. As I mentioned, you can’t use this as an on-the-go tablet. This is a tablet built to stay at home. Samsung is trying to make this a replacement for your computer, but it’s still not there yet. Even with the high price, you need to fork over a keyboard to get the full experience. If you’re fine to have this as your home tablet, then it’s a good one. Overall: A phenomenal large display that only belongs in the comfort of your home. Hope I was a help to you. Love, Honest Reviewer.

---
### Trust Score: `0.074127` | Utente: `AHVJUJPFXBF5RCQB44TCA6BNDJPA` | Item: `B0B47S6JX1`
**Rating:** 5.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Keep Watch: A TP-Link Tapo C320WS 2K 4MP QHD Outdoor Security Wi-Fi Camera Review

> Keep Watch: A TP-Link Tapo C320WS 2K 4MP QHD Outdoor Security Wi-Fi Camera Review The weatherproof TP-Link Tapo C320WS 2K 4MP QHD outdoor security Wi-Fi camera, made in Vietnam, includes the camera, power adapter, screws, waterproof seal, and documentation. Features include 2K QHD video, a siren, night vision, two-way talk, and local storage of up to 256 GB. Setting up the camera is simple. I already use the Tapo app, so I skipped the installation step. Once in the app, I clicked the button to add the camera and followed the instructions. These included powering the camera indoors, connecting Wi-Fi, naming the camera, and updating the firmware. With the camera added to the app, I can monitor the view, set up notifications, set the alarm, record video, or talk through the camera. Next, I unplugged the camera to install it outdoors. The camera is weatherproof but should be placed out of direct sunlight. The plug adapter is not weatherproof, so use an indoor outlet and connect the camera using the waterproof cable. The TP-Link Tapo C320WS 2K 4MP QHD outdoor security camera is simple to set up, easy to use, and effective. The picture quality is excellent, day or night, and the video can be stored internally. The TP-Link Tapo C320WS 2K 4MP QHD outdoor security camera is an excellent option to consider. ► PROS: Weatherproof (IP66) Day/night vision MicroSD card slot for video storage (Up to 256 GB) 2-way audio Wired or wireless networking Easy installation Supported by Alexa and Google Assistant 2-year limited warranty ► CONS: The plug adapter is not weatherproof.

---
### Trust Score: `0.075177` | Utente: `AESOGQFLYYOYWDHPFBA5YWVLFQUA` | Item: `B01D9OXY6K`
**Rating:** 2.0 ⭐

**Titolo:** Very poor quality product

> Very poor quality product The moment I took this unit ([[ASIN:B01D9OXY6K Pixel RB-20 Strong Cleaning Air Blower]]) out of its box, I knew something is off. - The rubber wall feels too soft to the touch. - When squeezed, the nozzle swings around, making it dangerous to get too close to camera lens Upon closer inspection, the problem of this unit becomes obvious. As can be clearly seen in my uploaded photo, the nozzle is badly off-centered. This manufacturing defect goes all the way to the bottom of the rubber ball. As a result, one side of the rubber wall is much thinner than the other side. This also explains why the nozzle swings around when the rubber ball is squeezed. Despite being advertised as ‘strong’, the air blast from RB-20 is relatively weak when compared to that from my old Hakuba air blower purchased over 20 years ago. The reason is clear when I compared the volume of the two rubber balls. The Hakuba unit holds 160cc of air while the Pixel unit only holds 90cc. Bottom Line: This kind of low-quality product is what I expect to find in Dollar Stores. At the present Amazon price, I consider it 10 times over-priced. As of this writing, this product page carries the 'Amazon's Choice' badges. Makes one wonders what kind of criteria Amazon uses for handing out its recommendations.

---
